OBSDOCS-74: Update remote write topic that only remote write sender c… (#72783)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-configuring-remote-write-storage.adoc

endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
* You have set up a remote write compatible endpoint (such as Thanos) and know the endpoint URL. See the link:https://prometheus.io/docs/operating/integrations/#remote-endpoints-and-storage[Prometheus remote endpoints and storage documentation] for information about endpoints that are compatible with the remote write feature.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Red Hat only provides information for configuring remote write senders and does not offer guidance on configuring receiver endpoints. Endpoint receivers are not included in Red Hat production support and therefore a user is responsible to set up remote write compatible endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat only provides information for configuring remote write senders and does not offer guidance on configuring receiver endpoints. Customers are responsible for setting up their own remote write compatible endpoints. Issues with endpoint receivers are not included in Red Hat production support.
```
- First sentence looks great! Thanks.

A couple of other suggestions:

- Add a comma before the coordinating conjunction `support, and` if you keep the current syntax and sentence structure, but I think it provides better logical flow to break that long second sentence into two shorter sentences. Ending the sentence by mentioning lack of RH production support really helps drive home the point, too. WDYT?
- I think it's better to say customer here rather than user, because we are really talking more generically about customer support issues rather than actions by individual users. WDYT?
- Revise for idiomatic use of preposition following `is responsible`: `is responsible for setting up`.

> Red{nbsp}Hat only provides information for configuring remote write senders and does not offer guidance on configuring receiver endpoints. Customers are responsible for setting up their own remote write compatible endpoints. Issues with endpoint receiver configurations are not included in Red{nbsp}Hat production support.

Reviewer 2: just one concern, why it is `Red{nbsp}Hat`, and not `Red Hat`instead

Author: Hello, it is a part of our guidelines to add a non-breaking space  between  "Red" and "Hat". It is to prevent the company name from splitting across a line break. ([link to the guidelines](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#non-breaking-spaces))
Thank you!

Reviewer 2: got it, thanks!
/lgtm

> Red{nbsp}Hat only provides information for configuring remote write senders and does not offer guidance on configuring receiver endpoints. Customers are responsible for setting up their own remote write compatible endpoints. Issues with endpoint receiver configurations are not included in Red{nbsp}Hat production support.

Reviewer 3: "remote write compatible" is a compound adjective modifying "endpoints". You can avoid too many hyphens by flipping it partway around:
```suggestion
Red{nbsp}Hat only provides information for configuring remote write senders and does not offer guidance on configuring receiver endpoints. Customers are responsible for setting up their own endpoints that are remote-write compatible. Issues with endpoint receiver configurations are not included in Red{nbsp}Hat production support.
```

Author: Done :+1:

endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]

+

> [WARNING]

Author: Changed this based on style guide: 
```
CAUTION, which is another type of AsciiDoc admonition, is not fully supported by the Red Hat Customer Portal. Do not use this admonition type.
```
link: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#admonitions
